good morning girls today I wanted to talk
of this bb queen because it proves its own
proof proof proof proof is me
the minitalia practically ended then
before throwing it I wanted to give you mine
opinion from here is part of the same
series of mini sizes of which I already had
talked about that other pink and cream bb
precisely this is called here
walfare job beep beep beep beep e
the water make up and says i chase ed
exclusive a rising monster of which one
which makes your skin boys empty
which is and generated new apply to skin
jewel of short into your skin then not
I want to dwell on why I told you
I had to do that video series
little ones in which opinion but I like
until then the effect on the face e
this then I hate wearing the baby
clip and above the ground and buy it
I would buy it back no
no, because then first of all I'll do it
see the application
then the entire face make-up
normally I use the brush that also from
an effect that I like
then the face appears a little blanching
I'd say pretty uniformly
effect in my opinion not exceptional here
you have seen that the effect on the skin and
so light but so light that almost
you don't notice anything in the sense I think
if I had only put the earth, you would not
would see this big difference then
as a base and it's not bad because it is
extremely light it performs a lot in
hurry the color that initially seems
a little grey then it oxidizes and becomes
nice on the skin but there is to say that
I have at this stage of my life
skin without practically imperfections
ie I have no redness I have no pimples and it is a
place the skin as well as for one
any person who has one though
minimum imperfection to be covered
I think this goes on too
too too light so that's fine
light effect proto point if you don't
I have to put nothing I don't wear anything
I do therefore first between the two
definitely then this if you want
in addition to the base, a no, sorry too
the other the pink one if besides the base
you want a little more decent coverage na
this instead if you don't have any kind
of imperfection and you only want
smooth the skin to give an effect
the more we say in my opinion homogeneous
then this is fine if you have a
some minimum of buffalo dyschromia
blush what I think this is
really too much too much too much
light
the positive thing in quotes is that
being absolutely really read
like water this thing when the
put on the face you can safely
put your moisturizer underneath
the other if well remembered with under the
cream was a little heavy
perhaps having an opacity even a little
most noticeable the high I used it with
only serum without cream
instead with this I normally put the
my moisturizer then this is so
slight that the two products do not
clash ok so I give you enough
I recommend it only if for
the note you have nothing to cover
on the face but you just want to give some
uniformity of the complexion if tomorrow wines 7
anyway a nice idea to try
both products otherwise know
that I'm trying another cream with the
big that I had taken and metro bb
sorry I'll use it for a couple of
weeks later I will also talk about that
which, however, is quite pleasing to me already
from the first application for the rest
to the next